Beta jobs (#610)
avenga/couper: docs/website/content/2.configuration/4.block/beta_job.md

# Beta Job

Use the `beta_job` block to execute a job periodically.

| Block name | Context                          | Label            | Nested block                |
|:-----------|:---------------------------------|:-----------------|:----------------------------|
| `beta_job` | [Definitions Block](definitions) | &#9888; required | [Request Block(s)](request) |

::attributes
---
values: [
  {
    "default": "",
    "description": "time interval for execution of a job",
    "name": "interval",
    "type": "string"
  },
  {
    "default": "",
    "description": "log fields for [custom logging](/observation/logging#custom-logging)",
    "name": "custom_log_fields",
    "type": "object"
  }
]

---
::

## Example

```hcl
...

definitions {
  beta_job "update_data" {

>     # Execute once at the start of Couper and than minutely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Execute once at the start of Couper and then every minute
```
